3xx redirect handling (#255)
anima-wg/brski-cloud: anima-brski-cloud.md

The Pledge MAY continue to follow a number of 307 redirects provided that each 307 redirect target Registrar identity is validated using the Implicit Trust Anchor Database.
The Manufacturer MAY enforce a Manufacturer-specific limit on the number of 307 redirects that the Pledge will follow.
The Pledge MAY be redirected to an Owner Register that then redirects the Pledge via a 3xx response.

> The Pledge MUST follow the rules outlined in {{BRSKI, Section 5.6}} for any redirections other than 307 and MUST NOT follow more than one non-307 redirection (3xx code other than 307) to another web origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pledge MUST follow the rules outlined in {{BRSKI, Section 5.6}} for any redirections other than 307.
Few other 3xx codes (300, 302, 304) make very much sense as they change the method from POST.
{{BRSKI, Section 5.6}} does not allow any redirect which changes the authority.  
One redirect is permitted to deal with a hypothetical situation where some web framework is unable to process POST requests within the `/.well-known` space.  
Only one is permitted. 
```
